Master Zhou what?
Our teacher
Teacher Sun, isn't that half a school on the front line?
Now the village is going to forcibly take back the land for auction
That's decades of hard work.
There are still hundreds of children's school problems
No, I can't ignore this.
Obviously not
Don't worry.
I'll accompany you to see Dad
Ah, good.
There you go.
The village chief only needs me to take a picture of this land
I'll give you 100,000 back
Hahaha, it has to be Mr. Liu.
Look so generous
Don't worry, the villagers' meeting is all our people.
Fully cooperate with you
I'm busy first.
Brother Liu, why did you give him so much?
What the hell do you know?
I have inside information
This land is about to build a highway
At that time, it will be worth 10 times the value.
I gave him 100,000 dollars to take the land
I can make more than 5 million if I change hands
What do you think of this business?
It has to be Brother Liu
You remember to compensate
I lost money in the stock market at that time
I'll give you 1 million
OK
What the hell are you doing here?
I heard there's a piece of land up for auction
Come join in the fun
Ride the wind I tell you
Don't think you are there
Make two bad bucks in the stock market
Buy a broken car and dare to exchange with me
Across the battlefield
Our family's relationship is hand-to-eye
It seems that the lesson taught you last time was not enough, right?
You remember me.
As long as I'm there
You don't even want to show up